LUXY AI - HOW TO GET IT ON GOOGLE PLAY
Made by Afraz Studio. Package name: com.afrazstudio.luxyai

Luxy AI needs NO account, NO sign-in and NO API key. Nothing to set up inside the app.
Google Play needs a signed .aab file. This project builds it for you on GitHub, free, no Android Studio.

STEP 1 - Upload to GitHub
Create a repo and upload EVERYTHING in this zip (keep the folders, including the hidden .github folder).

STEP 2 - Make your signing key (once, keep it safe forever)
On a computer or Termux:
  keytool -genkeypair -v -keystore luxy.jks -alias luxy -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000
Use the SAME password for the store and the key. Never lose this file.
Then turn it into text:  base64 -w0 luxy.jks

STEP 3 - Add 3 secrets in GitHub
Repo > Settings > Secrets and variables > Actions > New repository secret:
  KEYSTORE_BASE64    the long text from step 2
  KEYSTORE_PASSWORD  your password
  KEY_ALIAS          luxy

STEP 4 - Build
Repo > Actions > "Build Luxy AI for Google Play" > Run workflow. Wait for the green tick.
Download "Luxy-AI-builds": app-debug.apk (test on your phone) and luxy-ai-release.aab (upload to Play).

STEP 5 - Google Play Console
Create app > upload luxy-ai-release.aab. Copy the texts from play-store-listing.json.
Privacy policy: turn on GitHub Pages (Settings > Pages > main branch > /docs), put your email in
docs/privacy-policy.html, and use https://USERNAME.github.io/REPO/privacy-policy.html
Also needed: a 1024x500 feature graphic, 2-8 phone screenshots, and the content rating, data safety
and AI-content questionnaires. In Data safety answer: no account required.

HOW LUXY AI WORKS NOW
- First launch: the user picks "Save my chats on this device" or "Try with no history" (changeable in Settings).
- Smart answers: Luxy AI uses several free AI engines one after another (plus live web search), so it keeps
  working if one is busy. Free services can be slow or rate-limited at busy times.
- Create: start a message with a symbol or use a command.
    🎨 or /image idea                  picture
    🎬 or /video idea, 10 seconds      animated clip, 3 to 10 seconds (camera motion, fades, sparkles, captions)
    attach a photo and say "animate"   moves your own photo
    📖 or /comic story, 8 pages        comic book
    /video topic, 5 minutes            long narrated slideshow video
  Other symbols: 🧮 solve, 🔎 research, 🌍 translate, 📝 write, 💻 code, 💡 explain simply. Type "symbols" in the app.
- Animated clips are AI pictures moved by the app (not AI motion video). They save as .webm.

OPTIONAL
- www/config.js: set updateUrl to your own GitHub raw index.html link for daily self-update.
  Only point it at a repo you control. Google Play policies on self-updating code are strict.

NOTES
- Each build raises the version number automatically, so you can upload updates.
- Test the APK on a real phone before submitting. Google may require a closed test first for new personal accounts.
- Google raises the required Android target level every year. This project always installs the newest
  Capacitor. If the build fails, open the Actions log and send it to me.
